Requirements
The User Management Screen is a web-based user interface that allows administrators to manage users in a system. 
The screen should have the following features:

A list of all users in the system, including their ID, user name, email, and whether they are enabled or disabled
The ability to add new users, including assigning user roles
The ability to enable or disable users
The ability to search for users by ID, user name, email address or Enable status

UI Components
The User Management Screen should be composed of the following UI components:

User List
The User List is a table that displays all users in the system. 
Each row in the table should display the user's ID, user name, email, and whether they are enabled or disabled. 
There should be buttons to edit, enable/disable, and delete each user.

New User
The New User Form is a modal that allows administrators to add a new user to the system. 
The form should have fields for the user's user name, display name, phone, email address, user role and enable option.
The user role field should be a dropdown that allows administrators to assign a role to the new user.

Save User
Save User button should be disable until Administrator filling the new user form then it should be active.

Enable/Disable User
The Enable/Disable User component should be a button or switch that allows administrators to enable or disable a user.

Hide Disabled User
When The Hide Disabled User checkbox is checked it should hide disabled users in the existing list.

Search Bar
The Search Bar is a text input that allows administrators to search for users by name or email address.

Page Behavior
When the User Management Screen is first loaded, the User List should be displayed, showing all users in the system. 
Administrators can add a new user by clicking the "New User" button, which will open the New User Form modal. 
Administrators can enable or disable a user by clicking the enable/disable button or switch in the User List.

Administrators can search for users by typing ID, user name, email address or Enable status in the Search Bar. 
The User List should update to show only the users that match the search query.
